# TangoPlus

This project was created by me, Javier Cueto, in Qt Creator 5.6 (C++, kit: MinGW 32-bit, Desktop). It is still in progress, but I am making the code available on Github. It is a video player that allows you to play a Japanese-language video, with subtitles in the original language. When text is selected, a GET request is sent to tangorin.com (an online Japanese-English dictionary) for the selected text, and the results are displayed in a textEditWidget next to the video. You can jump back and forth between text "slides", and there are also other basic functionalities (volume, play/pause on selecting the video, etc.) I aim to add a custom text document format where the definitions are added in directly, as well as a graphic mode for creating the document, that would allow vocabulary to be matched to content and shared. This program is intended to give intermediate-level students of Japanese more control in how they practice outside of class. It also minimizes the unusually burdensome task of looking up Japanese vocabulary, due to the multitude of pictographic characters (kanji) that usually possess multiple pronounciations.

To set it up for yourself, you'll need to have installed a compatible version of Qt Creator (no third-party modules have been needed, so far). You will also need to fill in the "staticPath" variable in mainwindow.cpp, so that it points to the "static" folder included. The video player is currently set to automatically play a file called "Hanzawa Naoki - Ep 2.mkv" in the static folder (not distributed here), but you can change the target by looking for that string and playing whatever video you want (mp4 and mkv have been tested and work).  You may also change the .srt file (currently set to "Hanzawa Naoki - Ep 2.srt"), which has been included here, but it is not required to try out the current functionality. Also included is an .srt file containing the lyrics to NICO Touches the Wall's "Diver", along with the times needed for the music video.

Thank you,

Javier Cueto
